# HomeSqL
Home Security System.
Three individuals with exceptional credential have come together to brainstorm on a particular project named above. It takes time in getting into the job market when companies assumed that the newly graduates are unqualified. In fact, that sound good to say it, but it is horrible to listen.

Been graduated from the University of Bedfordshire, we try to create thinking with software. My Goal as the author of this topic is to achieve success. We are 4 members in a  group right now, Names: Uche Nwoko, Hardware designer and firmware /GUI Designer. Ashman Shehu Software Developer and want to take care of database design, Relational database is highly recommended. Pat Nwoko: Computer Statistics, Company HR, takes care of Jira Documentation and Appointment making and Purchase. University Of Nigeria Nsuka, Solange Yehouenou: Software Developer, BSc, Computer Science, University of Bedfordshire, part-take in designing the Application GUI and all the rest of the programming codes. We are open to use and Programming languages to build any application, JavaFx on NetBeans IDE, suitable in build easy communication to local database e.g., MySQL.

I Promise, we shall be successful to be heard all over the world. Remember we were all taught the basics of how to work in collaborative, and commercial lesson was theoretically thought, e.g., Argil and prince2. Remember, many who are CEO’s and Directors of companies that are successful today, have also learned from examples. Frankly speaking the main reason of the project is to tell those companies who are allergic Freshers that we can do it better, even when there is no experience, team has teamed up to develop a state-of-art simple home security systems, that is affordable for everyone. 

The Group developed software scenario based on, while the users are on holiday they can watch the home, read, and sending messages to from you homes in different countries. This group have learned from mistakes and failures in the case of developing ideas, the group constantly are getting use to the ways they have developed their codes and using collaborative software (Jira) to interact to one another.

